I made your Qing Dynasty famous
Hahahaha
Just because you don't have eight families
The ship of the Hidden Blood Group is about to sink
Now let you be a fool
everyone
You are also the elite in this industry
As the so-called disaster is imminent, each flies separately
The destruction of the Tibetan Blood Group
Why should you be buried with me?
As long as you quit the blood group
My eight families are willing to bully
Everyone
I would like to quit Cangxue Group
Join the Eight Families
White-eyed Wolf
Cangxue Group has wanted you for nothing for so many years
Let him return, I am willing to withdraw from Cangxue Group
I also hope that Chen Shao will take us in.
We can also quit the Cangxue Group
Mr. Mu continued
I said as long as I'm here
No one dares to touch Cangxue Group
Is it useless for you to recover?
When are you still talking nonsense here?
Don't worry.
The show will start soon, Mr. Mu
My name is Azang
I don't expect you to really stop the eight families
As long as you recover
It's enough for us to live an ordinary life
Mr. Mu, you are the only one who believes him
What else is there to use? The head of the Sima family of Changfeng Group has arrived
The head of the Sima family of Changfeng Group is here
What should I do?